Ah, welcome back.
We were starting to worry
you wouldn't wake up.
But, Hym...
All of you...
What... What happened?
Crocodine: You were in rough
shape when we found you.
Gave us a scare.
And if it weren't for
this strange little one,
you'd probably be nothing
more than a cherished memory.
Mister Beast cast so many
Healing-type spells -
he could've revived an army!
Hyunckel: I see...
Once again the odds
were in my favor...
Hym: That makes two of us.
This fellow may be small,
but his magic is fearsome.
I have to admit, it was
quite an odd sensation
to be patched up with
a Healing-type spell.
Not sure how, but it worked.
I'm back in action.
Mr. Beast: It's quite simple.
You now have the body
of a living organism.
Your Orichalcum form has become
similar to that of
a Metal Slime...
perhaps a King Metal Slime.
If my spells work for them
they'll work for you, too.
Slimes?
Geez, of all the creatures
you could compare me to...
Mr. Beast: You, however...
You might be alive,
but I'm afraid you'll
never fully recover.
What?!
Mr. Beast: It's
the price you must pay
for your marathon
of battles, Hyunckel.
I've tended to your
surface injuries,
but your bones have
suffered irreparable damage.
Given time,
you'll likely recover enough
strength to walk again...
However, your days of
fighting have come to an end.
I expected as much.
You hide great knowledge behind
that disguise, stranger.
You're no ordinary monster.
Mr. Beast: No, no.
I'm merely a member of
the Beast King Commandos.
At any rate,
it's a price worth paying.
Hyunckel: I've gained something
far more valuable in return.
A friendship, forged in combat.
Hym [thought]: Friendship?
Most of the damage he
suffered came by my hand...
and he forgives me?
Hyunckel: Crocodine.
I know I'll only
be a burden...
but I have a favor
to ask of you.
Would you be willing to
carry me to the castle,
and bring me to where Dai
and the others are fighting?
Crocodine: But...
And do what - cheer 'em on?
Return to Queen Flora!
I imagine you're right,
but I've given everything
I have for this battle
I want to be
there when it ends.
When Dai's mighty blade
strikes down the Dark King,
once and for all...
I won't miss that.
Well, when you
put it like that...
As you wish. I'll
lend you my shoulder.
Even if I refused, you'd
drag yourself there anyway.
Let's go together.
That way, if things
happen to get dicey,
at least you can
use me as a shield.
[chuckling]
H-Hym?
If you need a
shoulder, take mine.
Besides, you and I have
unfinished business.
I'll carry you until
you're strong enough to
settle things properly.
I can't have you go and die
on me before then, now can I?
I suppose I'm going
to have to treat
all of your enemies as
if they were my own,
while you sit back
and watch, aren't I?
Crocodine [thought]:
What do you know...
This new friend
Hyunckel spoke of
is Lord Hadlar's
favorite pawn.
Chiu: Well said!
Chiu: You once
were our enemy,
but you've proven yourself to
be a monster of noble spirit.
I like your style!
Consider this a formal
invitation for you
to join my
Beast King Commandos.
What?
"Beast King Commandos"....
What's this shrimp
talking about?
I'm not a shrimp - and you
will refer to me as Captain!
[laughing]
You better listen to
what he tells you, Hym.
No point arguing.
He might not look like much,
but Chiu's proven to be
a real force of nature.
Is he serious?
Absolutely.
Let's see... I'm
fresh out of badges,
so we'll have to
improvise here...
Chiu: There. That'll do.
What is this stuff?
Why won't it come off?
Why would it? Magic
Brushes are permanent.
Why, you little...
Chiu: We just went over this.
It's not "little"
it's "Captain"!
Hym: I never agreed to
take orders from
a shrimp like you...
Chiu: Stop calling me a shrimp!
I'm warning you...
Hyunckel [thought]:
I wonder if he's managed to
find the others by now...
Whatever they might
be facing in there,
there's no doubt in
my mind that he'll be
the greatest help they
could hope for...
Land Rider Larhart
carries my will with him.
Dai [thought]: So...
This is Larhart.
You know, I can actually see
your father in those eyes.
Popp: Wait a second. How on
earth are you even alive?
Like, really?
And what are you doing
wielding Hyunckel's spear?
This weapon was mine long
before it was Hyunckel's.
If anything, it's been returned
to its rightful owner.
That's not what I meant.
I'm asking what
happened to our friend.
Tell us, now!
He carried out his duty and
used all of his strength.
It was a glorious battle
indeed, but eventually he fell.
D-Do you mean...
Oh, he's still alive.
Don't forget,
the man's immortal.
Well, sheesh. Maybe lead
with that next time.
Dai: Are you saying that
Hyunckel gave you back
the armor so you could
fight in his place?
Dai: But why? What makes you
want to fight on our side?
No, not all of you.
I, Larhart the Land Rider,
fight only for one.
I shall serve you as
I served Master Baran,
and I kneel before you now to
pledge my undying allegiance.
From this moment forth,
I follow your command...
Master Dino.
What? M-M-Me?!
Larhart: Yes, sir.
You really mean it, don't you?
You want to be our ally?
Larhart: Not merely
your ally. Your follower.
Follo-wha?
Tell me to die, and
I shall do so gladly.
Tell me to fight,
and I'll raise
my Dark Armor Spear against
even the gods themselves.
In any case,
I am your instrument,
and you may use
me as you see fit.
So what now?
I've never had a follower.
Mystvearn: [furious roar]
Both: Mystvearn!
Oh?
You survived a hit from my
Sunder Claw. Well, well...
Not bad Mystvearn.
I can see why you're the
Dark King's heavyweight.
Mystvearn: Is that so?
Larhart: Are you
ready, Master Dino?
Larhart: Feel free to give
me your first command.
Tell me to defeat
this scourge.
It would be my
genuine pleasure.
Mystvearn: What a joke.
For a disgraced member of
the Dragon Masters
to betray our ranks,
and then have the gall
to bare his fangs at me?
You'll pay dearly for this.
There was no betrayal here.
We both know
the Dragon Masters
were never a part
of the Dark Army.
We served only the Dragon
Knight - no one else.
Three fearsome warriors
of the land, sea, and sky.
None of us ever claimed
allegiance to you, or your king.
Baran was our master. It was
his will we carried, not yours.
To say that we betrayed
you is the real joke.
It's time to go,
Master Dino. And quickly.
No way. Mystvearn
is really powerful.
I should stay and
fight with you.
Huh?
Hey...
Larhart, wait!
Are you nuts?!
You're unarmed!
Mystvearn: What
nonsense is this?
You said you're going
to make me pay dearly.
I'm curious how you'll do it.
Mystvearn: You
insolent fool...
Just like this.
Look out!
Mystvearn: W-What?!
Larhart: Well,
are you satisfied?
He might be powerful,
but there's no
reason to fear someone
if you know
they'll never hit you.
Alright... But how did...
I'm totally stumped. What
on earth did he just do?
An afterimage.
Huh?
Maam: It's an
optical illusion.
When something
moves fast enough,
it doesn't appear
to move at all.
Mystvearn attacked an image
that Larhart left behind.
He's too fast to see,
and he hasn't even started
fighting at full strength.
Popp: This guy's a monster...
Even Mystvearn can't keep up.
How the hell did
Hyunckel ever beat him?!
Mystvearn [thought]:
He's strong.
Perhaps even as
strong as Lon Beruk...
A real challenge, after all.
Larhart: Master Dino...
The only fight you should
be thinking about...
is the one you intend
to have with King Vearn-
to defend the kingdoms
of the surface world.
You must charge straight toward
that goal without wavering.
Forget everything else.
I'm willing to sacrifice
myself to help you achieve it.
You see, it was what your
father requested I do,
if necessary, in his
final will and testament.
You mean, my dad-
I was resurrected by
Master Baran's Dragon Blood...
It was then when I
found it. The letter.
Larhart: The letter was left
in my coffin for when I awoke.
For some reason, I already
knew what it was...
Baran had written the
message specifically for me.
"I've given the three
of you Dragon Blood,
but I doubt that the
others are going to make it.
Of course, the chances
are slim for you as well,
but if by some miracle you
find yourself resurrected,
I would like for you to help
Dino as if you were helping me."
"By the time you read
this, I believe either
the Dark King or Dino himself
will have struck me down.
If I am no more,
my hope is that you'll take on
what was meant to be my duty."
Master Baran was prepared to
sacrifice himself for you -
and I am as well.
It would be my
honor to serve you.
Wow, Dad...
Baran: "Larhart, I raised
you from a child to a man,
and we've fought
by each other's side.
I know all too well of the
hate you harbor for the humans.
And yet, in spite
of what I know,
I will ask you all the same...
Should Dino decide he wishes
to protect the humans,
please accept his wishes
and obey his commands.
Tell him to fight
with all his heart."
I believe that boy
has the power to
change the nature
of humanity itself.
This is my final request,
but I want the
decision to be yours.
Whichever you choose,
I'm glad to have known you.
Baran: You are
like a son to me.
Until we meet again in
the afterlife. Farewell.
Larhart: You know...
He was like a father to me.
Dai: Thank you.
For sharing all that.
I guess in a way, that
makes us brothers, huh?
Well, all right then.
Master Dino...
If you want an order, then
here's one for you, Larhart:
Stick with Popp and Maam,
and help them take down this
evil specter while we're gone.
Yes, sir.
Also... I, uh... I've got
another request to make.
Dai: Please... don't call me
Dino anymore. Call me Dai.
I know Dad gave
me the other name,
but hearing it
is too painful.
It brings up bad
memories of him.
Of course, I understand.
Master Dai,
the Hero, it is.
Let's go. It's time to put
and end to this, you guys.
Right!
Dai: Popp, Maam...
This time, I'm actually
leaving things to you.
I'll see you after
I defeat King Vearn.
Yeah! Now that's
the spirit, buddy.
Don't worry.
We won't mess up again.
Just get the job done.
Larhart: You certainly don't
inspire much confidence.
I'll be giving
the orders now -
and here's the first one:
stay out of my way.
Another sparkling
personality to deal with.
Cut him some slack.
He did come to our rescue.
Who knows? This just
might work out.
Mystvearn [thought]:
Extraordinary.
I may very well have to
consider the possibility...
of fighting these
three at full strength.
Dai [thought] : It's all
come down to this.
My true enemy lies ahead.
I wouldn't have gotten this
far without my friends.
They've all been
through so much...
putting everything
they had on the line...
Thanks to them, I'm as
ready as I'll ever be.
I've conserved
all of my power...
And I'm gonna hit King Vearn
with everything I've got.
I'll fight like a Dragon
Knight and hold nothing back.
No matter how
powerful my enemy is,
I won't give up until
I've defeated him.
Look. There it is.
Dai: So this is...
the Tower of Supremacy.
Vearn: Quite correct.
Hurry on up, Dai.
I've been waiting.
And as it happens, I've
also just run out of wine.
I know that voice.
It's Dark King...
Vearn.
Vearn: I won't bother to
say anything haughty like,
"Well done making it this far,
young Hero. How unexpected."
Truth be told, Dai,
nearly everything about you
has exceeded my expectations.
From your powers,
to your numerous close calls...
Vearn: Your friends are
holding off Mystvearn
and Killvearn at the moment,
so I find myself in a truly
unprecedented situation.
You could say I've been
left to fend for myself.
But nevertheless...
I accept your challenge.
Now come and face me.
Ascend the Tower of Supremacy
and you will find the
entrance to my inner sanctum.
You have my word, I'll give
you a fitting welcome.
Dai: The stairs
are over there.
There could be more traps.
So be careful, you guys.
Vearn: You're exceeding even
more of my expectations.
I thought you'd come alone.
I recognize that
young woman...
Yes, that's right. She's the
princess of Papnica Kingdom.
Well, I suppose
it's all the same to me.
You can bring along
whomever you want.
But it seems to me as if
Dragon Knights have a habit of
bringing misfortune upon the
women who keep their company.
Vearn: [chuckling]
Not that there's any
escaping misfortune now.
[laughing]
You okay?
What is it, Dai?
What are you waiting for?
Dai: Leona, I think you
should take this back for now.
his knife you gave me,
you said it's the last one
in the Papnica royal
family, didn't you?
It was always
supposed to be yours.
Anyhow, I just
wanted to, uh...
Leona: You need to get a grip.
What's up with you?
Don't let what Vearn
said get under your skin.
That's what he wants.
Leona: He's only toying with
you to try and throw you off.
Trust me, I'll be fine.
Dai: It's not that.
I know what he's doing.
Then... Then why?
Don't worry.
I'm not giving it back because
I'm trying to say goodbye.
Just the opposite.
Leona [thought]:
The opposite?
Dai: Right now, aside
from Master's Feathers,
you're basically unarmed.
Once we get up there
and I face King Vearn,
I'll be using my Draconic
Aura at full strength,
and this knife can't take it.
I don't want it destroyed.
But you can use it.
So I figure if
you're carrying it,
at least you'll have a weapon
if things go south, right?
"If things go south..."
Are you saying I
should look after myself?
This is the Dark King
we're fighting.
I can't guarantee that I'll be
able to protect you from him -
let alone take him down.
That's why...
I want you to
fight along with me.
If you're going to face
this kind of danger,
face it by my side.
Leona: [sniffling]
Maybe that's
asking too much.
No, it's not.
Leona: That's not it.
It's what I wanted to hear.
Dai: Now that I think of it,
this is kind of like the
first time we met, isn't it?
Yeah, just like old times.
Only back then,
I was the one adjusting
this scabbard to fit you.
But you're right.
That day on Dermline Island,
it was exactly like this.
The three of us together.
Me and you and Gomechan.
You could barely hold your own
against a single Scorpion,
and now you're about to
face the Dark King himself.
That's a pretty huge journey.
Dai: Guess so.
I still have nightmares
about that Scorpion.
My heart was pounding
like it was gonna explode!
We were just going into a cave
I'd been a thousand times...
And how about now?
Is your heart pounding again?
Dai: I'm not really sure.
I mean, my heart's
definitely pounding...
I don't know how
to put it into words,
but something feels
different this time.
My heart isn't pounding like
it was with the Scorpion.
If I'm being honest, it
mostly just feels heavy.
Dai: It's not
like it was before.
The journey's
coming to an end.
Leona [thought]:
He's really grown up.
The adventurous young
boy's almost faded away.
He's still tiny, but there's
no question that he's the Hero.
He's carrying the future
of every human being.
That responsibility must be
such a terrible weight
on his shoulders.
I have to help him lift it.
And even if the
weight is too much,
even if I can't help
him win the fight,
I still have to try
to ease his burden.
Someday, when all
these battles are over,
Dai will travel the world
with a light heart again.
I'll make sure of it.
[muffled cries]
[worried chirp]
Leona!
Dai, help!
Hang on, I'm coming!
Vearn [thought]: Remarkable...
An interesting
turn of events.
I never anticipated that it
would act of its own free will,
but if it's captured
our interlopers
without my prompting,
then it only
stands to reason...
It's truly alive.
Dai [thought]: What
just grabbed Leona...
Some kind of monster?
I knew I had that bad
feeling for a reason.
Where'd she go?
Leona: Up here...
Help me, Dai! Hurry!
Leona!
[charging chirp]
[terrified chirp]
Wh-What is that thing?
Dai: Is... Is it alive?!
Narrator: Dai and Leona
may have reached
the Tower of Supremacy,
but before they can
face the Dark King,
Dai must free the princess
from the clutches of
a mysterious beast who dwells
at the heart of Vearn Palace.
Facing a threat whose power
takes even Vearn by surprise,
Dai's plan to conserve
his strength for
the final battle
falls into jeopardy.
With new adversaries closing in,
will our heroes find
a way to escape?
Find out on
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Rise, Knight of Destiny".